gitbook/techmarket/setup/header.md, before:

# Header

## Header Styles

**Techmarket** has 6 header styles.

### Header Style 1

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-1.png)

### Header Style 2

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-2.png)

### Header Style 3

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-3.png)

### Header Style 4

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-4.png)

### Header Style 5

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-5.png)

### Header Style 6

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-6.png)
### Choosing a Header Style

**Header v1** is chosen by default header. To change the header style :

1. Navigate to **Techmarket**.
2. Click on **Header** Tab.
3. You will find **Header Style** option with **Header v1**,  **Header v2**, **Header v3**, **Header v4**,**Header v5** and **Header v6** as choices presented as dropdown.
4. Choose the dropdown that represents the style of your choice and click on **Save Changes**.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/choose-header-style.png)

Commit message:

shoe and glass header image added

gitbook/techmarket/setup/header.md, after:

# Header

## Header Styles

**Techmarket** has 6 header styles.

### Header Style 1

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-1.png)

### Header Style 2

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-2.png)

### Header Style 3

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-3.png)

### Header Style 4

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-4.png)

### Header Style 5

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-5.png)

### Header Style 6

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/header-style-6.png)

### Glassmarket Header Style

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/glassmarket-header-style.png)

### Shoemarket Header Style

 Here is how it looks like for **Home** Page.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/shoemarket-header-style.png)

### Choosing a Header Style

**Header v1** is chosen by default header. To change the header style :

1. Navigate to **Techmarket**.
2. Click on **Header** Tab.
3. You will find **Header Style** option with **Header v1**,  **Header v2**, **Header v3**, **Header v4**,**Header v5** and **Header v6** as choices presented as dropdown.
4. Choose the dropdown that represents the style of your choice and click on **Save Changes**.

![](http://transvelo.github.io/docs/techmarket/images/choose-header-style.png)
